Tasks
1. Products carousel
2. Partners section
3. Projects page
4. General products page
5. 

concepts
1. w-10/12
2. 


CHARGES
1. One month of FREE site maintenance after purchase.
2. 


			FIXES

                       FRONT-END

1. For the button that says view all products, it should be swinging to engage users.
2. Get rid of the search icon on the navbar (It makes sense to have it only in the products page,
   so that customers can search for products). The searching can be structured to allow searching for
   categories and also custom searches. (This is better implemented after we have full loaded the data
   from the server).


3. Add a phone number and social media links on top of the navbar, that will be hidden as we scroll
    down, but reshown again when we attempt to scroll up.

4. Section headers shouldn't be too bright (Hint: You can use gray-500)
5. Look into transition options for image slider (especially the projects showcase section)

6. In the forms that will involve uploading a picture, implement a logic that will check the size of
    the picture. It shouldn't be too small or too large in size (meaning width and length) so as not
    to mess up the layout.
7. CAROUSEL size should be decreased for mobile phones.
8. Add formatting to the price column of the products (Amounts should be comma separated eg. 15,000)
9. Test validation for all forms.

10. Error handling in the adding project part
   1. A user should be allowed to add a project without features and an error shouldn't be thrown out
11. Improve the user alerts in case of error (Because right now, there are things like alerts which are
   not really user friendly).
12. Which is the best place to store your error handling logic.
13. Scroll triggered animations (ref. Tigo Tz official website)
14. Find an amazing alternative to a carousel (That will so nice and engaging).
15. Table pagination buttons should be visible only when the items > itemsPerPage
16. The forms in the admin pages should be hidden, on clicking a button should they be visible.

EXTRAS (OPTIONAL)
15. Special announcement section. (This weekend offer)

FINITO!!!

                        BACK-END
1. There is a multi-valued field(technologies) in the projects table (That's a poor design)
2. Create a testimonials table.
3. Get rid of the technologies in the projects table, NO NEED FOR 'EM.
4. Create the team members table for about us page.
5. Create An admin panel that you can use to update all the details.
   i) An admin should be able to create another admin.
   ii) When you hit the register user endpoint, the token generated should be relayed to the
       frontend logic so that it's included in the code that accesses the authourized endpoints.
       Because right now the work to do so is quite manual.


PAGES
1. Services
2. Products
3. Projects
5. About us


DESIGN PRINCIPLES FOR FRONT-END (MY OWN OBSERVATION)
1. Use consitent font for all sections (Use a font that's well readable as well).
2. 

TO LEARN
1. Studying about image containers (How to style them accordingly).
2. The following is how sactum configuration looks like for local host, investigate how it should loo
   k like in a hosted site.

   'stateful' => explode(',', env('SANCTUM_STATEFUL_DOMAINS', sprintf(
        '%s%s',
        'localhost,localhost:3000,127.0.0.1,127.0.0.1:8000,::1',
        Sanctum::currentApplicationUrlWithPort()
    ))),

3. For the amount of time i have wasted trying to fight the sidebar, a tutorial on sidebars with vue a
   and tailwind is SOOOO important.
4. The concept of route model binding.


TIPS FOR ARTICLE
1. Writing an article on how to do a registration and login from vue js front end.
   TIPS
   1. Create controllers in the laravel backend.
   2. Go to cors.php in this route config/cors.php and edit required parameters.
   3. Implement login and register screens on the vue js front end.
